NAME
    mig-scaler - submit and manage jobs to scale MIGs

SYNOPSIS
    mig-scaler COMMAND

DESCRIPTION
    mig-scaler submits jobs to the MIG scaler workflow.
    Jobs are executed asynchronously by the workflow. mig-scaler does not
    need to maintain a connection with GCP once the job has been submitted.

    The workflow can be deployed to a separate project to the client MIG. To
    facilitate this there are separate options for the workflow's location.

    Most command line flags can also be set using a config file or environment
    variables, see help config.

COMMANDS
    COMMAND is one of the following:

    list
        Lists active and recently completed jobs.

    scale
        Starts a new scale job for a MIG. This will cancel any existing jobs
        for the MIG.

    cancel
        Cancels any existing jobs for a specific MIG.

    help
        Displays help for commands and topics. For example:

            $ mig-scaler help list
            $ mig-scaler list --help

TOPICS
    The help command also supports the following topics:

    config
        Configuration file to set default values.

    max-duration
        How setting --workflow-max-duration affects the system.

GLOBAL FLAGS
    --workflow-project=PROJECT
        The project that contains the workflow.
        Defaults to the value of --project.

    --workflow-region=REGION
        The region that contains the workflow.
        Defaults to the value of --region.

    --workflow-name=NAME
        The name of the workflow. Defaults to mig-scaler.

    --workflow-max-duration=DURATION
        The maximum duration of a workflow. Defaults to 8h. This is used by
        the list, scale and cancel commands when searching for jobs.
        See help max-duration for more details.

    --workflow-max-size=SIZE
        The maximum size of a client MIG. Defaults to 100. This is to protect
        against creating a MIG that is much larger than intended.
        See help config on how to change the default value.

    --project=PROJECT
        The project that contains the client MIG to resize.

    --region=REGION
        The region that contains the client MIG to resize for regional MIGs.
        Setting --region will override any zone that has been set in the
        config file or environment variables.

    --zone=ZONE
        The zone that contains the client MIG to resize for zonal MIGs.
        If both --region and --zone are set, then --zone will take precedence.

    -h, --help
        Shows the help for a command. For example, "mig-scaler list --help" is
        equivalent to "mig-scaler help list".
